README.md, before:

# ILSFloatingKeypad
ILSFloatingKeypad is a Swift library to provide numberpad and numericpad in iPhone as well as in iPad. It provides you a chance to customise the keypad and helps you to move the keypad with your interest anywhere on the screen.

<img src="./Assets/art.png?raw=true">

## Features

* Floating Keypad with numericpad and phonepad.
* Customise keypad color and background color.
* Customise height and width for keypad
* Can be used in all texfield delagate methods.
* You can move the keypad anywhere in the view.


## Installation

### Compatibility

-  iOS 9.0+

- Xcode 9.0+, Swift 3+

#### Manual installation
Download and drop the 'ILSFloatingKeypad' folder into your Xcode project.


## Usage

1. The simplest use-case is declaring the ILSFloatingKeypad instance:

```swift
var keyPad : ILSFloatingKeypad
```

2. Set the ILSFloatingKeypad to textField in textFieldShouldBeginEditing delegate method

```swift
keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumericPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil)
```

3. Works perfect for all textfield delegates even for textfield validations on using texfield shouldChangeCharactersIn delegate 

4.Switch to Numberpad and Numericpad by changing the numberPadType in the method
```swift
keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumberPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil) //For Numberpad

keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumericPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil) //For Numericpad

```



## Author

iLeaf Solutions
[http://www.ileafsolutions.com](http://www.ileafsolutions.com)

Commit message:

Updated Framework for app store approval

README.md, after:

# ILSFloatingKeypad
ILSFloatingKeypad is a Swift library to provide numberpad and numericpad in iPhone as well as in iPad. It provides you a chance to customise the keypad and helps you to move the keypad with your interest anywhere on the screen.

<img src="./Assets/art.png?raw=true">

## Features

* Floating Keypad with numericpad and phonepad.
* Customise keypad color and background color.
* Customise height and width for keypad
* Can be used in all texfield delagate methods.
* You can move the keypad anywhere in the view.


## Installation

### Compatibility

-  iOS 9.0+

- Xcode 9.0+, Swift 3+

#### Manual installation
Download and drop the 'ILSFloatingKeypad' folder into your Xcode project.

## Note
- Use the ILSFloatingKeypad.framework in the folder 'AppStore Submission Framework' when you are submitting your application to the appstore


## Usage

1. The simplest use-case is declaring the ILSFloatingKeypad instance:

```swift
var keyPad : ILSFloatingKeypad
```

2. Set the ILSFloatingKeypad to textField in textFieldShouldBeginEditing delegate method

```swift
keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumericPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil)
```

3. Works perfect for all textfield delegates even for textfield validations on using texfield shouldChangeCharactersIn delegate 

4.Switch to Numberpad and Numericpad by changing the numberPadType in the method
```swift
keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumberPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil) //For Numberpad

keyPad = ILSFloatingKeyPad(frameOfNumberPad: CGSize(width: 200, height: 200), texField: textField, numberPadType: NumberPadType.NumericPad,ButtonbackgroundColor:nil,KeyPadborderColor:nil,ButtonTitleColor:nil) //For Numericpad

```



## Author

iLeaf Solutions
[http://www.ileafsolutions.com](http://www.ileafsolutions.com)
